Overview
--------

MTDS enables an enterprise to utilize agents built-in to the Windows
operating system to monitor for attacks and threats. Windows error
reports and malware telemetry are forwarded to our analysis team who can
evaluate this information against Microsoft’s global sensor network.
This enables the use of the infrastructure as a sensor to help determine
if the network is under attack, vulnerable, and non-compliant.

### How the Offering Works

Microsoft will work with you to configure your clients to send Windows
error reports to one or more MTDS collectors deployed on your network.
This can all be performed through Active Directory and there is no
software to deploy to clients. These collectors will in turn forward
these reports to the MTDS Analysis Center where our analysts will use
advanced heuristics to analyze these error reports. This analysis can be
used to detect attempted attacks, vulnerable systems, persistent
malware, and unapproved applications.

Our analysts will also query malware telemetry gathered from Microsoft
ForeFront, Security Essentials, Windows Defender, and the Malicious
Software Removal Tool for telemetry coming from your network. The
analyst team then interprets and synthesizes this information to provide
actionable reports to your security staff.

The Offering consists of weekly, monthly and/or quarterly reports on
findings that are not an imminent threat and “out of band” reporting on
critical network threats such as an on-going attack or serious
vulnerability.

### Backed by Microsoft’s Unique Expertise

MTDS is built using unique expertise that Microsoft has developed over
the past ten plus years associated with recognizing malicious activities
in crash dumps, performing root cause analysis of exploit failures,
analyzing malware, tailoring operating systems and applications to make
exploit failures more likely and stand out, along with our deep
knowledge and understanding of the internal workings of our operating
systems and applications.

### Microsoft Services

At Microsoft Services, we have a wealth of knowledge that comes from
working with thousands of customers around the world in virtually every
industry, as well as direct access to product groups. We utilize this
knowledge and experience to help our customers adopt and deploy
Microsoft technologies efficiently and cost effectively, reducing the
time it takes customers to realize value from their Microsoft
investments.